1 what is the ideal job you want to do after graduating? why?

2 have you ever experienced a happy time or happy thing? what was it?

attitude:
[A] to be a student all his life
[B] go to a company and do pritical work with teammates
[C] graduate and work in school as a teacher or researcher

A: hello, nice to see you guys,

B: hi,there,so we shall talk about [ideal job/happy time] today?

C: fine, so what do you think of that?

[ideal job]

A: well , it must be stay in school, i think

B: what do you mean by that ? to be a student is'nt a really job ,is it?

C: so you want be a teacher and work in university right? it's true that student is not a job

A: yes,i want to be a teacher in the future anyhow,I really like the life in school.

B: but you can't stay in school for whole your life, you should get a job and do some pratical work in a company.

C: I like school ,too. I'm studying on engineering, and I feel happy when I do turns my research into reality enginneering techniques

A: that's really cool.. so you are going to be a researcher or scientist?

C: an engineer i think, but also do some research maybe.

B: wait, why you guys go to a company then, almost all the student are going to join a company after their graduation.

C: yes,i think so, but that's not the only way we can choose from, researching is also interesting ,you can make contribution to hunman science and technologies ,that's exciting.

A: it really doesn't matter, we need variaty kinds of people in our society anyway.

B: well,I'm going to a company to learn management of company and establish a company on Internet marketing after several years.

C: wow,that's cool,by the way, my research field is data mining on Internet marketing, maybe I could join you.

B: that's splendid,if things going fine, working with classmates in one company must be great

A: so why do you choose to be a enginner or run a company? I think the job which attractive to me must be the enviroment I will work in. schools are well built and secured,that's the best place i can image.

B: I don't think so, management is the only way you can get success and make big deals of money, and by the other hand ,i hate work for others.

C: I think there is something more important than money,that the ability to do something which others can not. that's why enginerring so exciting to me.

B: there goes the bell, let's go to class

A/C: ok lets go


[happy time]

A:several days ago I fortunately meet a friend ,it's almost 10 years I haven't meet him

B:he is your classmate in primary school?

A:yes ,we were best friends,but i move to another city with my parents , we had no contact method,I even didn't own a cell phone at that age.

C:10 years? time fly like an arrow.that really a miracle that you can recognize him after so long.

A yeah,i thought i have forgot his name and face. we talked,had meals,played together after that,that's the most happy thing recently. so what about yours?

B: wow , friendship is really wonderful. so it's my turn? ehh,I rode a bike from my home xi'an to shanghai on one summer holidy about 3 years ago, with 2 friend meet on internet

C:that's cool, you rode bike all the way? how long did it take?

B:yes,about 1600kilometers and spent us 2weeks, it was a hard trip ,but when we finnaly arrived at the shanghai and stand in front of the tv tower of shanghai,i thought all of that is worthy to do so.

A:it's really crazy but exciting, my parent won't let me to do so because of the the danger all along the way.

B:my mother was so at first ,but the people i met on the internet is reliable and expericed so she finally let me go.I had no do such crazy thing before that,so I really desire such a chance to have the challange.

C:and you made it finally. I wish i can also have such a trip someday,but maybe I have no courage to do that.last year I went to huashan mountain with my friends and we climbed.

A:I know , it's really cliffy and dangrous, right?

C:Yes, I was really scared. I'm scared of the height.but other friend of mine were laughing and seems very enjoying about the scenery.

B:some people are borned to be not fear of height.so you climbed huashan mountain during day time? 

C: Nope,in night as ordinary, we climbed all night and reach the east peek before the sunrise. the sunrise was really splendid,except for the height,I always felt i'm going to fall from the cliff.

A:well , it seems to be you had successed climbing it, so are you scared of height yet?

B: yes, I won't go such a place anymore. but the memory was priceless and i won't forget about it
